documentation/design.md, before:

# Frontend Features

## Gamepad

Main screen where you can find the most popular/featured games

**IDEA**:

- Possibly have gifs of the games (or just characters from the games) that fade in and out on the top part of the gamepad screen
- OR have the leaderboard right there

Sections:

- Continue Playing
- New & Popular (Symbol for new and symbol for popular)
- Browse All

Have the cards be somewhat shaped like board game boxes and designed in a similar way so you can rotate it

- On the back have a gif of the gameplay in a cutout

## Stack Page (Name pending)

Place where curious developers can go and get an in depth look at the technology used to create gamebit, some examples:

- The language each game was written in
- The frontend framework
- The hosting framework (K8s)
- The manner in which we architect/scale our games/APIs
- Maybe some fun facts about each game too
  - Source code lines
  - Size of game in MBs
  - Author? Assuming others start joining? Or maybe call it "Lead Developer" and have a link to their profile

## My Profile

- Show Experience
- Show tokens
- Show language rankings (languages favored in games)
- Favorite games

## Tokens

Similar to milestones or trophies. The main "reward system" found in gamebit

## Experience

Will earn experience with each token.
Will most likely earn it through other means
By submitting bugs

- Could be cool to include a description for the developer who submitted it on how we fixed it

Commit message:

initial commit of player models

documentation/design.md, after:

# Frontend Features

## Gamepad

Main screen where you can find the most popular/featured games

**IDEA**:

- Possibly have gifs of the games (or just characters from the games) that fade in and out on the top part of the gamepad screen
- OR have the leaderboard right there

Sections:

- Continue Playing
- New & Popular (Symbol for new and symbol for popular)
- Browse All

Have the cards be somewhat shaped like board game boxes and designed in a similar way so you can rotate it

- On the back have a gif of the gameplay in a cutout

## Stack Page (Name pending)

Place where curious developers can go and get an in depth look at the technology used to create gamebit, some examples:

- The language each game was written in
- The frontend framework
- The hosting framework (K8s)
- The manner in which we architect/scale our games/APIs
- Maybe some fun facts about each game too
  - Source code lines
  - Size of game in MBs
  - Author? Assuming others start joining? Or maybe call it "Lead Developer" and have a link to their profile

## My Profile

- Show Experience
- Show tokens
- Show language rankings (languages favored in games)
- Favorite games

Fields:

PlayerProfileViewModel:

- Username
- OverallRanking
- VerifiedPlayerFullName
- ProfileImageUrl
- Level
- PreviousLevelExperience
- Experience
- NextLevelExperience
- Tokens
- PrograammingLanguageExclusions
- ProfessionalTitle
- YearsTechnicalExperience
- PlayerBio

PlayerProgrammingLanguageDto

- ProgrammingLanguageId
- ProgrammingLangaugeName
- ProgrammingLangaugeIconUrl

**what if instead of keeping image urls in a bunch of different entities just use the id of that particular entity (for example ProgrammingLanguageId for logos of the languages) in a lookup of some kind on the frontend? or cached in the backend? I guess ideally it should be able to be updated without redeployment and be shared across all microservices**

## Tokens

Similar to milestones or trophies. The main "reward system" found in gamebit

## Experience

Will earn experience with each token.
Will most likely earn it through other means
By submitting bugs

- Could be cool to include a description for the developer who submitted it on how we fixed it
